@document.meta
title: Notes Reading Roadmap
authors: [yelircaasi]
categories: 
version: 0.1
@end

* A. General
    1. Sort ‘Book List - To Sort’
    2. Sort ‘Reading 0’
    3. Sort ‘Reading / Viewing List (1-50)’
    4. Sort ‘Reading / Viewing List (51-100)’
    5. Sort ‘Reading / Viewing List (101-150)’
    6. Sort ‘Reading / Viewing List (151-200)’
    7. Sort ‘Reading / Viewing List (201-250)’
    8. Sort ‘Reading / Viewing List (251-300)’
    9. Sort ‘Reading / Viewing List (301-350)’
    10. Sort ‘Reading / Viewing List (351-403)’
    11. Sort ‘Links - To Sort
    12. Sort ‘’Blog Ideas’
    13. Sort ‘Top Resources’
    14. Sort ‘Áreas de estudio’ → move to general resource overview or control center?
    15. Sort ‘Top Resources’
    16. Sort ‘Plan maestro’
    17. Sort ‘Visión’
    18. Sort ‘Book or Article Ideas’
    19. Sort ‘Webseite-Ideen’
    20. Sort ‘Atributos’
    21. Sort ‘Metas y visión por área’
    22. Sort ‘Leseliste’
    23. Sort ‘Allusions’
    24. Sort ‘Alte Büchernotizen’
    25. Sort ‘Notes’
    26. Sort ‘Alternatives to Reddit’
    27. Sort ‘Pensadores importantes’
    28. Sort ‘Sitios generales sobre ideas’
    29. Sort ‘Research Resources’
    30. Sort ‘Enciclopedias’
    31. Sort ‘Preguntas y respuestas’
    32. Sort ‘Cómo hacer’
    33. Sort ‘Instrucción’
    34. Sort ‘Sitions de contenido’
    35. Sort ‘Rede y enlaces’
    36. Sort ‘Video’
    37. Sort ‘Tools’
    38. Sort ‘Bibliotecas’
    39. Sort ‘Clubes de libros’
    40. Sort ‘Referencias y libros’
    41. Sort ‘Otros sitios’
    42. Sort ‘Great Past Articles’
    43. Sort ‘Pensadores’
    44. Sort ‘YouTube Channels’
    45. Sort ‘Very Short Introduction’
    46. Sort ‘Lectura de noticias’
    47. Sort ‘Writing’
* B. Philosophy
1. Sort ‘General’
2. Sort ‘Free Will’
3. Sort ‘To Sort’
4. Sort ‘Philosophy of Work’
5. Sort ‘Philosophiae quaestiones’
6. Sort ‘Autoepistography’
7. Sort ‘Lista y análisis de fuentes de la duda’
8. Sort ‘’Iron Rod Letter 
9. Sort ‘Announcement Post’
10. Sort ‘Analysis of Faith’
11. Sort ‘Religion Notes’
12. Sort ‘Book Outline’
13. Sort ‘Thinkers’
14. Sort ‘Philosophia (auxilia adnotationesque)’
15. Sort ‘Religion Books’
16. Sort ‘Notes’
17. Sort ‘Ethics’
18. Sort ‘Reading (1)’
19. Sort ‘Reading (2)’
20. Sort ‘Reading (3)’
21. Sort ‘Reading (4)’
22. Sort ‘Reading (5)’
23. Sort ‘Reading (6)’
24. Sort ‘Reading (7)’
25. Sort ‘Reading (8)’
26. Sort ‘Reading (9)’
27. Sort ‘IAI’
28. Sort ‘Abortion’
29. Sort ‘Video’
30. Sort ‘Contre-Histoire’
31. Sort ‘Audio’
32. Sort ‘Books’
33. Sort ‘Blogs’
34. Sort ‘Philosophers Unsorted’
35. Sort ‘John Gray’
36. Sort ‘Michel Onfray’
37. Sort ‘Noam Chomsky’
* C. Mathematics
1. Sort ‘Latest to sort’
2. Sort ‘Notes’
3. Sort ‘Current Learning’
4. Sort ‘YouTube’
5. Sort ‘Roadmaps Notes’
6. Sort ‘Math Writing’
7. Sort ‘Courses’
8. Sort ‘Reference’
9. Sort ‘Books’
10. Sort ‘Reading (1)’
11. Sort ‘Reading (2)’
12. Sort ‘Reading (3)’
13. Sort ‘Reading (4)’
14. Sort ‘Reading (5)’
15. Sort ‘Reading (6)’
16. Sort ‘General’
17. Sort ‘Links’
18. Sort ‘Allgemeine Seiten’
19. Sort ‘Strang’
20. Sort ‘Algebra Reading’
21. Sort ‘Logic & Proof Reading’
22. Sort ‘Logic & Proofs Books’
23. Sort ‘Econometrics Models’
24. Sort ‘Econometrics Notes’
25. Sort ‘Transition to Advanced Mathematics (4e)’
26. Sort ‘C’
27. Sort ‘D’
28. Sort ‘D & E Books’
29. Sort ‘E’
30. Sort ‘Conchoids’
31. Sort ‘SVD Steps’
32. Sort ‘Sanderson and Strang Playlists’
33. Sort ‘Cheatsheet’
34. Sort ‘Algebra Books’
35. Sort ‘Algebra Resources’
36. Sort ‘Algebra Reading’
37. Sort ‘Algebra Tools’
38. Sort ‘Algebra Channels’
39. Sort ‘Algebra Applications’
40. Sort ‘Algebra Recommendations’
41. Sort ‘Determinants’
42. Sort ‘Matrix Multiplication’
43. Sort ‘LA Books and Notes’
44. Sort ‘LA Misc’
45. Sort ‘LA YouTube’
46. Sort ‘Matrics’
47. Sort ‘Transpose’
48. Sort ‘Numerical’
49. Sort ‘Trace’
50. Sort ‘Inverse’
51. Sort ‘Non-Linear Algebra’
52. Sort ‘Categories’
53. Sort ‘LA Courses’
54. Sort ‘LA Misc Basic’
55. Sort ‘NN Math’
56. Sort ‘Tensors’
57. Sort ‘Advanced LA’
58. Sort ‘PCA’
59. Sort ‘SVD’
60. Sort ‘Derivation’
61. Sort ‘Eigen*’
62. Sort ‘Dot Product’
63. Sort ‘Other Decompositions’
64. Sort ‘JNF’
65. Sort ‘GeoGebra’
66. Sort ‘Advanced & Misc’
67. Sort ‘Interesting Reading’
68. Sort ‘Numerik’
69. Sort ‘Algorithms’
70. Sort ‘Graph’
71. Sort ‘Other Miscellaneous’
72. Sort ‘Advanced Topics - Books’
73. Sort ‘NN Code’
74. Sort ‘Algebraic Structures’
75. Sort ‘Statistik - Blogs, Seiten’
76. Sort ‘Statistik - Misc’
77. Sort ‘Statistik - Bücher’
78. Sort ‘Statistik - Lektüre (1)’
79. Sort ‘Statistik - Lektüre (2)’
80. Sort ‘Statistik - Lektüre (3)’
81. Sort ‘Econometrics’
82. Sort ‘Topologie’
83. Sort ‘Topologie - Kurse’
84. Sort ‘Topologie - Lektüre’
85. Sort ‘Topologie - Misc’
86. Sort ‘Best Topo Books’
87. Sort ‘Topology and Map Projections’
88. Sort ‘Analysis Books’
* D. Natural Sciences
* E. Life Sciences
* F. Technology
* G. Social Sciences
* H. Humanities
* I. Health
* J. Practical Living
